JUDY WOODRUFF: Democratic presidential hopefuls
fanned out this weekend, courting voters from
Iowa to Austin.
John Yang has the story.
JOHN YANG: In Keene, New Hampshire, Vermont
Senator Bernie Sanders made the case for his
presidential candidacy.
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT), Presidential Candidate:
I don't have to tell anyone in this room we're
living in an unprecedented moment in American
history.
And when you live in an unprecedented moment,
you need to have an unprecedented response,
which is what this campaign is about.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JOHN YANG: A self-proclaimed Democratic socialist,
Sanders' positions were labeled impractical
in the 2016 campaign.
Now he seems to be setting the standard his
Democratic competitors are measured against.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, a
progressive, on CBS News' "Face the Nation."
QUESTION: Do we describe you as a capitalist?
What's the best...
SEN.
ELIZABETH WARREN (D-MA), Presidential Candidate:
Yes.
QUESTION: ... way to describe you?
SEN.
ELIZABETH WARREN: I believe in markets, markets
that work.
QUESTION: So if you get labeled as a socialist?
SEN.
ELIZABETH WARREN: Well, it's just wrong.
JOHN YANG: And former Colorado Governor John
Hickenlooper, a moderate.
JOHN HICKENLOOPER (D), Presidential Candidate:
I'm happy to say I'm a capitalist, but I think
at a certain point the labels do nothing but
divide us.
JOHN YANG: A new Des Moines Register/CNN poll
finds 56 percent of likely Iowa Democratic
caucus-goers say they would be satisfied with
a nominee who wants the country to be more
socialist; 49 percent back Medicare-for-all;
36 percent support tuition-free college.
This weekend, some candidates shed the winter
coats of Iowa and New Hampshire for sunglasses
to appear at the South by Southwest conference
in Austin, Texas.
Thirty-seven-year-old South Bend, Indiana,
Mayor Pete Buttigieg took a swipe at Vice
President Mike Pence for his steadfast support
of President Trump.
PETE BUTTIGIEG (D), Mayor of South Bend, Indiana:
How would he allow himself to become the cheerleader
for the porn star presidency?
Is it that he stopped believing in Scripture
when he started believing in Donald Trump?
JOHN YANG: A Republican presidential long
shot, former Massachusetts Governor Bill Weld,
also made the rounds in Austin.
He's exploring a primary challenge to the
president.